Activating Open Collective (#1899)
opal/opal: README.md

Cross-browser testing is sponsored by [SauceLabs](https://saucelabs.com).

## Contributors

> This project exists thanks to all the people who contribute. <img src="https://opencollective.com/opal/contributors.svg?width=890&button=false" />

Reviewer: I think it would make sense to make this image a link to the contributors page, also considering the fact that on GH it's a link to the image by default.

```suggestion
This project exists thanks to all the people who contribute. [![contributors](https://opencollective.com/opal/contributors.svg?width=890&button=false")](https://github.com/opal/opal/graphs/contributors)
```
```
